# CognizantArtificial-Intelligence-Virtual-Experience
Task-1:
Now that you’re ready to dive into the data, you should use the notebooks provided to conduct your exploratory data analysis. Try to use a rigorous and scientific approach when analyzing data. Always ask yourself this question: what do these results mean? You should aim to have a solid understanding of the statistical properties of the dataset when you’re complete (this may include the distributions of columns, descriptive statistics such as mean, median, max and min, etc.) By the end of the exploration, you should feel comfortable with the dataset and what it means. This should take you 25-30 minutes.
Finally, you must summarize your findings in a concise and business-friendly manner within an email to the Data Science team leader. This email should also contain recommendations for what else we require in order to complete this task for the client. Please draft your email in a word document and submit this file for review. You can use the template provided in the additional resources section. This should take 5-10 minutes.
Task-2:
Come up with a plan as to how you’ll use this data to solve the problem statement that the client has positioned. This plan will be used to describe to the client how we are planning to complete the remaining work and to build trust with the client as a domain expert. If you need some guidance, use the provided resource video that describes the high-level overview of a data science project. This should take 10-15 minutes.
Summarize the data that you want to make use of and the strategic plan of action in a single PowerPoint slide. This will be sent to the Data Science team leader and the client, so be sure to be concise and use business-friendly language. This should take 10-15 minutes.
Task-3:
You have previously outlined the strategic plan for completing the modeling work based on the problem statement.
It is now time for you to deliver on this strategic plan. Some additional resources have been provided to help you with this task. If you feel comfortable enough to complete this task on your own, use the “modeling.ipynb” Python notebook to get started. However, if you’re not sure where to start and would like to be guided through the modeling process, use the “modeling_walkthrough.ipynb” notebook. 
Feel free to use these notebooks in a similar way that we did before, using Google Colab. If you prefer to use them within your own development environment, that’s fine too.
The modeling process should take 35-45 minutes.
Once you’re done with the modeling, summarize your results in a business-friendly single PowerPoint slide. Be sure to explain whether this model can help them to tackle the problem statement.
This should take 10-15 minutes.
Task-4:
Good quality code should be planned and should follow a uniform and clear structure. Before you start writing the Python module, take some time to think about how you want to structure this file and what needs to be included from your notebook. It is your choice whether you’d rather write it all in 1 block, separate it out into functions, or create a class with methods. Depending on your ability with coding, you may take a different approach. A starter file “module_starter.py” is provided, which gives some hints as to how you may want to structure the file. If you’re a beginner, you may also want to make use of the file named “module_helper.py”, which includes some functions that you may want to make use of. If you do use this helper file, you can simply copy and paste the functions that you would like to use into the module that you’re writing. This should take 5-10 minutes. 
After planning the module that you’re going to write, you can start creating your file! Be sure to follow a consistent and clear structure, and use the additional resources for best practices. Also be sure to include plenty of comments and documentation, because the ML engineering team is not the team that wrote this code. Remember, you can assume that the Python file does not need to process, clean or transform the dataset. You can load the Python file as a CSV file directly into a data frame, and then immediately start training on that data. Assume that the CSV file will contain the same columns as the dataset that you trained the model on in the previous task. This should take you 30-40 minutes. 
Task-5:
If you need to, remind yourself of the algorithm that you built and the code that you wrote. The ML engineering team will most likely be asking questions about how to improve the model, so you may want to do some research about how you can improve the performance of your model. If you need some support, take a look at the additional resources. This should take 10-15 minutes. 
To complete this task, answer the multiple-choice quiz. Please note there are 6 multiple choice questions to complete in this task. Please be patient as each question loads. This should take 10-20 minutes.
